Although there are even airdrops of supplies
Conspiracy shield slightly invincible
Good sword giveaway
The fool didn't die
And came to participate in the ultimate bloodbath
Hand over the magic weapon
Gu Shaoyi is happy
Maybe I'll spare you
suffer the prodigal
How dare you ignore me
Take my punch
You you you you
What are you?
You are a stone
Didn't someone send a little black man?
Come out, you go together
My sister still has a chance
I almost forgot that the ultimate water battle is also on site
Gotta keep loading
Boy, don't think you can defeat two
A little bright sword dancer got up
This hero is a sword dancer
You have to hand over the artifact wisely
This hero can spare your life
You killed